docs/install-on-osx.md, before:

# @title Install ruby-oci8 on OS X

This page explains the way to install ruby-oci8 os OS X.

Look at {file:docs/install-full-client.md}, {file:docs/install-instant-client.md}
or {file:docs/install-binary-package.md} for ohter platforms.

Install C compiler
==================

You need to install Xcode from the Mac App store.

Install Oracle Instant Client Packages
======================================

Donwload Instant Client Packages
--------------------------------

Download the following packages from [Oracle Technology Network][]

* Instant Client Package - Basic or Basic Lite
* Instant Client Package - SDK
* Instant Client Package - SQL*Plus (optionally)

Install them by Homebrew
------------------------

To install `Oracle Instant Client Basic Lite` by [Homebrew][],

* Download two instant client packages: `Basic Lite` and `SDK` and put them
  to `/Library/Caches/Homebrew` (if the environment variable `HOMEBREW_CACHE`
  is not set and `$HOME/Library/Caches/Homebrew` doesn't exist.)
* Run the followining commands:

        brew install InstantClientTap/instantclient/instantclient-basiclite
        brew install InstantClientTap/instantclient/instantclient-sdk

To install `Oracle Instant Client Basic` by [Homebrew][].,

* Download *three* instant client packages: `Basic`, `Basic Lite` and `SDK`
  and put them to `/Library/Caches/Homebrew` (if the environment variable
  `HOMEBREW_CACHE` is not set and `$HOME/Library/Caches/Homebrew` doesn't exist.)
* Run the followining commands:

        brew install InstantClientTap/instantclient/instantclient-basic
        brew install InstantClientTap/instantclient/instantclient-sdk

Intall them manually
--------------------

If you don't use [Homebrew][], do the followings:

Unzip the packages as follows:

    mkdir /opt
    mkdir /opt/oracle
    cd /opt/oracle
    #
    # Copy downloaded files to /opt/oracle before the following commands.
    #
    unzip instantclient-basic-macos.x64-11.2.0.4.0.zip
    unzip instantclient-sdk-macos.x64-11.2.0.4.0.zip
    unzip instantclient-sqlplus-macos.x64-11.2.0.4.0.zip

Make a symbolic link to link the library.

    cd /opt/oracle/instantclient11_2
    ln -s libclntsh.dylib.11.1 libclntsh.dylib

Fix the library install and identification names using [fix_oralib][] to make them work
without `DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH`.

    cd /opt/oracle/instantclient11_2
    curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubo/fix_oralib_osx/master/fix_oralib.rb
    ruby fix_oralib.rb

Set the environment variable OCI_DIR while the following installation steps.

    export OCI_DIR=/opt/oracle/instantclient11_2

Installation
============

If you get a problem in the following steps, look at {file:docs/report-installation-issue.md}.

gem package
-----------

Run the following command.

    gem install ruby-oci8

tar.gz package
--------------

### Download the source code

Download the latest tar.gz package from [download page][].

### Run make and install

    tar xvfz ruby-oci8-VERSION.tar.gz
    cd ruby-oci8-VERSION
    make
    make install

[download page]: https://bintray.com/kubo/generic/ruby-oci8
[Homebrew]: http://brew.sh/
[fix_oralib]: https://github.com/kubo/fix_oralib_osx
[Oracle Technology Network]: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/topics/intel-macsoft-096467.html

Commit message:

Add OCI_DIR export to Homebrew Installation Steps
Added the OCI_DIR export to the Homebrew install steps. Minor corrections for spelling, formatting, English.

docs/install-on-osx.md, after:

# @title Install ruby-oci8 on OS X

This page explains the way to install ruby-oci8 os OS X.

Look at {file:docs/install-full-client.md}, {file:docs/install-instant-client.md}
or {file:docs/install-binary-package.md} for other platforms.

Install C compiler
==================

You need to install the Xcode Command Line Tools `sudo xcode-build --install`

Install Oracle Instant Client Packages
======================================

Download Oracle Instant Client Packages
--------------------------------

Download the following packages from [Oracle Technology Network][]

* Instant Client Package - Basic or Basic Lite
* Instant Client Package - SDK
* Instant Client Package - SQL*Plus (optionally)

Install Oracle Instant Client Packages via Homebrew
---------------------------------------------------

To install `Oracle Instant Client Basic Lite` via [Homebrew][]

* Download two instant client packages: `Basic Lite` and `SDK` and put them
  in `/Library/Caches/Homebrew` (if the environment variable `HOMEBREW_CACHE`
  is not set and `$HOME/Library/Caches/Homebrew` doesn't exist.)
* Run the followining commands:

        brew install InstantClientTap/instantclient/instantclient-basiclite
        brew install InstantClientTap/instantclient/instantclient-sdk

To install `Oracle Instant Client Basic` by [Homebrew][]

* Download *three* instant client packages: `Basic`, `Basic Lite` and `SDK`
  and put them in `/Library/Caches/Homebrew` (if the environment variable
  `HOMEBREW_CACHE` is not set and `$HOME/Library/Caches/Homebrew` doesn't exist.)
* Run the followining commands:

        brew install InstantClientTap/instantclient/instantclient-basic
        brew install InstantClientTap/instantclient/instantclient-sdk
        
* Set the environment variable OCI_DIR while performing the following installation steps.

    export OCI_DIR=$(brew --prefix)/lib

Install Oracle Instant Client Manually
---------------------

If you don't use [Homebrew][], do the following:

Unzip the packages as follows:

    mkdir /opt
    mkdir /opt/oracle
    cd /opt/oracle

Copy downloaded files to /opt/oracle before running the following commands.

    unzip instantclient-basic-macos.x64-11.2.0.4.0.zip
    unzip instantclient-sdk-macos.x64-11.2.0.4.0.zip
    unzip instantclient-sqlplus-macos.x64-11.2.0.4.0.zip

Make a symbolic link to link the library.

    cd /opt/oracle/instantclient11_2
    ln -s libclntsh.dylib.11.1 libclntsh.dylib

Fix the library install and identification names using [fix_oralib][] to make them work
without `DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH`.

    cd /opt/oracle/instantclient11_2
    curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubo/fix_oralib_osx/master/fix_oralib.rb
    ruby fix_oralib.rb

Set the environment variable OCI_DIR while performing the following installation steps.

    export OCI_DIR=/opt/oracle/instantclient11_2

Installation
============

If you get a problem in the following steps, look at {file:docs/report-installation-issue.md}.

gem package
-----------

Run the following command.

    gem install ruby-oci8

tar.gz package
--------------

### Download the source code

Download the latest tar.gz package from [download page][].

### Run make and install

    tar xvfz ruby-oci8-VERSION.tar.gz
    cd ruby-oci8-VERSION
    make
    make install

[download page]: https://bintray.com/kubo/generic/ruby-oci8
[Homebrew]: http://brew.sh/
[fix_oralib]: https://github.com/kubo/fix_oralib_osx
[Oracle Technology Network]: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/topics/intel-macsoft-096467.html
